# Chapter 20 Command & Control

Most would-be hackers are aware of the need to remain anonymous during all phases of trying to take over a system. For a white-hat hacker performing an agreed upon pentest this is also the case, if just for the simple reason that if the target cannot trace you in their logs then you can claim that the weaknesses you found can be exploited by illegitimate hackers.

So in this chapter we will be setting up a Command & Control environment. On paper this means a server with your application with which you can send commands to a system you have compromised. But I have a broader meaning, I also believe it is the server from which you perform scans and use exploits and to which reverse TCP connections connect to. For some people this may seem like an academic distinction because tools such as Metasploit do it all, but I believe we need to be precise. You may get caught if the server from which scanned and exploited still exists after you have deleted the server from which you controlled the compromised system.

The Command & Control environment we will be setting up will reside entirely in the cloud and it will exist entirely ephemerally, meaning temporarily. With scripting and the ample use of Docker we can easily set up a new environment when we want to. From now on consider every hacking technique you want to learn as just an object of study, you use your Kali box against other locally running boxes or pre-approved boxes online. You never use your local kali box against an online target, not even with a VPN seated in a public Wi-Fi spot. That us a sure way to get caught. In addition with a proper C&C environment you can start thinking in terms of volume, you need to be scanning a lot of targets and for that you need automation.